# Rock-Paper-Scissors-bot
This program for Arduino will play Rock, Paper, Scissors with you. While doing so, it learns how to beat you! After a while it won't ever lose! Play it using the Arduino's Serial port on your computer. Arduino's knowledge can be erased by simply resetting the board or by re-uploading the sketch! Use the bottom 3 switches (pin 5 is rock, 6 is paper, and 7 is scissors) to enter your choice. Then the LEDs will light up according to Arduino's choice (red in pin 2 is rock, blue in pin 3 is paper, green in pin 4 is scissors). After both players have made their choices, Arduino needs you to tell it whether it won, lost, or tied for that round-do this with the top 3 switches (pin 8 is Arduino won, 9 is it lost, and 10 is you both tied). 

HOW IT WORKS:
Arudino records your choice, its choice, and the result that you told it (won, lost, tied) in an array. Each round the Arduino begins with an initial probablity value called "epsilon" and it generates a random value to compare to "epsilon". The board generates a random number, and if that number is greater than epsilon, it will use its array of results to come up with a choice; however, the Arduino starts off with no info in the array, so epsilon is a large decimal. At the end of each round, epsilon decays until it reaches 0.01, where every random number generated will be greater than it, so the board is always using its database to beat you! When epsilon is larger than the random number, the Arduino simply picks a random choice (rock, paper, or scissors). Have fun!!
